# Dormitory-intelligent-assistant-based-on-STM32
Preformce https://youtu.be/UWtsxhMbS7Y
The STM32-based product includes three modes: Intelligent voice control which can be awakened by specific wake-up words, and specific instructions can be given to achieve corresponding functions after waking up, normal mode which can display real-time humidity, temperature, air quality, and whether there are people staying outside the door on the OLED and APP by Bluetooth, and defense mode which can use camera take a picture every 20 seconds and when the pressure sensor captures someone at the door then sends a notification to the APP, then upload pictures to the cloud platform and APP by WIFI.<br>
## Main functions
(1) Intelligent voice control: Intelligent voice assistants can be awakened by specific wake-up words, and specific instructions can be given to achieve corresponding functions after waking up. The functions that can be realized are: turn on & off the light, open & close the door, turn on & off the fan, turn on & off the curtain, and turn on & off defense modes.<br>
(2) Normal mode: the OLED screen can real-time display humidity, temperature, air quality, and whether there are people staying outside the door, and this basic information of dormitory can be received and viewed in the mobile APP in real-time.<br>
(3) Defense mode: On the basis of the normal mode, you can also turn on the defense mode through the intelligent voice assistant. After the mode is turned on, in addition to the basic functions of the normal mode, the camera and pressure sensor will be activated. The camera can take a picture outside the door every 20 seconds and upload it to the cloud platform, allowing you to know the real-time situation outside the door through the APP anytime, anywhere. When someone is outside the door, the pressure sensor installed on the ground can quickly capture it, the camera intercepts a short video and sends a notification through the APP, and the user can take pictures of the person outside the door through the APP.<br>
# Important Notice
**This is a team challenge for Essex CE301. Not my work alone. However, they haven't github ID yet, I will refer their name in Report and below**
Thanks for **XieLurui(NWU & Essex) Yin Zhiyue(NWU & Essex) Ji Peilin(NWU & Essex) Liu Junyi(NWU & Essex) Liu Ruoting(NWU & Essex)**, and you are the best teammate in my life! XDDD
